So, till now we have seen how we made the search box, after that we implemented the search and we locked the search data in the console.
Now, the second thing is that we will have to show the search result somewhere, so where will we show it?
So, for this, we will make a new component.
So, as you know, what is a component? A component is basically a part of your website which is used as a component in react.
So, we will make a component in which we will show the results.
So, what you have to do to make a component? You have to click on the source folder.
There you have to make a new file by doing movie card and in this movie card component, we will show our results.
Remember, whenever you make a component, its name should start with capital letter.
Because in react, before making any component, you have to keep its name on capital letter only.
After this, now what will you do here? First of all, we will use a shortcut whose name is rafce.
Now, let's do this. So, you don't have to make the above code, the function to be made, the callback arrow function.
See, you have generated everything by yourself and got it.
You just have to start writing from here, from the inside of the return.
So, this div, we will give it a class name.
And the class name, we will name it movie.
Now, what will we show in this div?
In this, we want to show the year of the movie, the data which we are getting from our API.
So, for that, we will do one thing. Here, we will make a div again.
And in this div, if you see, as you wrote div here.
I will tell you one more thing. When you wrote div here and hit enter, then it did not come as a div by itself.
This happened because here, your language set is only javascript set.
And we are using javascript as a javascript jsx here.
So, we have to set the jsx.
So, what will we do for this?
Here, you will see at the bottom, at the bottom of your vs code, in the bottom right, you will write javascript.
You have to click on it.
And this search will open at the top.
Select language mode.
Here you have to write jsx.
And you have to hit enter.
After this, you will be able to use shortcuts here.
So, as soon as you write div and hit enter, it will automatically become a div.
Okay.
So, first, we have to put a paragraph in this div.
What will we show here in paragraph?
Here, we will show the year of the movie.
We will show the year of the movie here.
So, we make a bracket here.
So, the thing to know here is that we are getting all this data in app.js.
Here.
I mean, we are getting all the data here.
This.
This is all the data.
So, how do we take this data from here to the movie card?
So, now we will know about the second thing here, which is react props.
What do props do?
Props are basically used to pass data.
You can send data from one component to another component.
So, you send using props.
How is that?
To send data to the movie card, you will have to import the movie card first and bring it to app.js.
So, what will you do?
You will import the movie card.
So, here you have imported the movie card.
After that, you have to go to the bottom.
And you have to place the movie card just below this div of yours, your search div.
So, for this, you will write the movie card.
And if you will type forward slash and press enter, then it will automatically put angular brackets.
So, this is how you import a component.
So, what will happen now?
You will see the search above.
Just you have to import the movie card.
What will you do now?
you will see the movie card component in the website.
So, both these things will be rendered.
So, you don't have to code the movie card code below.
This is the beauty of React.
You made the movie card as a component
and you can call that component in any code
and render it there.
After this, what we wanted
is that the data should be sent from the movie card
to the movie card.
So, for this,
we will use props.
To use props,
go to the parent component.
The parent component is the movie card.
The movie card is the main component.
This is basically the child component.
Don't understand this.
You have to write movie at the top.
We need a data from the name of the movie.
For that, write movie
and put brackets here.
Now, go to app.js
and in the movie card,
write movie
and equals to
the data of the movie.
We will send it here.
But before that, we have to keep one more thing in mind.
The data of the movie
has a lot of movies in it.
Not just one movie.
List of 10 movies.
There are a lot of movies in it.
So, we have to show the movies one by one.
Now, what we will do is
we will use a thing here
which we call map function.
What map function does is
it will take out one movie from the 10 movies
and send it to the movie card.
And it will be rendered every movie.
Not just one movie.
Every movie will be rendered in the page.
And before that, we have to do one more thing.
We have to see this.
For example, we search a movie
which does not exist.
So, in that, our API
will not give us anything in the result.
It will give an empty result.
So, first we have to check
whether our result is empty or not.
If our result is empty,
then we will show
no movies found.
But if our result has movies,
if our data has movies,
then we will show them movies.
So, for this, what you have to do is
you have to define some conditions here.
How to define conditions?
First of all, you will put brackets here.
Because in these brackets,
we will write the logic of JavaScript.
So, here we write movies
and here we put question mark
dot length
greater than zero.
So,
what is happening here?
Now, here we are saying
that the array called movies
which we have seen,
which we have shown in the console,
that array,
is it empty?
If it is empty,
then we will show that movies are not there.
But if it is not empty,
then we have to show this movie card component.
So, now let's assume that
it has movies in it.
So, for that, we write conditions.
If there is a movie in that data,
then we will show
this movie card component.
So, for this, what you have to do is
you have to write this thing.
After this, what you have to do is
you have to put this open and close parenthesis
here and
you have to put this movie card
in it.
So, now what we have said here
and after this, you have to put
a colon here.
After putting a colon, what you have to do is
you have to make a div.
You have to show the div to the user
in which it will be written movie not found.
So, we will make a div here
and the name of the div will be
empty.
And the div class will be empty
and we will put an h2 tag in it.
And in the h2 tag,
we will write no movies found.
By saying no movies found.
So, what will happen now?
If we get the movies,
then it will show the movie card,
if we don't get the movie card,
then it will show the movie card.
But one more thing,
you have to see the syntax
of this once,
that how we have defined the conditions.
So, what have we done?
Let me explain you one more time.
We have put curly braces here.
In this, we have written our condition.
That condition can be any of us.
Here I will write
any condition to you.
Like if movies length
Here I have written to explain you.
Movies length
or if condition
any of your if condition.
If condition
then question mark
do this
else
So, here
from this comment,
you must be able to understand
that if this is the if condition
if it is true
then you have to do this
or you have to do this.
Same thing we have done below
that if this condition is true
then you have to show movies card
or else you have to show
this portion below.
Okay, so hope you have understood this.
After this,
the second thing is
that now as we have discussed
that here in movies
not one but 10 movies data is coming
but we have to show
the data of the user one by one.
We cannot show the data of the movie
in one card only.
So, for this
we will extract the data of the movie one by one.
For this we will use the map function.
So, for this we will remove the movie card
and make a div in it
first of all.
And the class of div
we give is container class.
And in this
we will use our map function.
So, for this we will
open a curly bracket again.
Here we write that in which map function
we have to run the map function.
We have to run the map function in the array named movies.
So, we will write movies.map
After this,
what name will you give to the movies
which are coming out of it one by one?
Movies is our entire array.
But the one which is coming out of
one by one,
we will know it by the name of movie.
Okay, in movies
we are extracting movies one by one.
After this what we have to do?
One more thing,
the syntax is of this type.
So, you have to open two brackets.
And here you have to
make an arrow function.
And after this
you have to take parentheses again.
And in parentheses
you have to
render the movie card
here.
After this
you have to send
movie through the
prop.
We will understand it one more time.
See what happened.
We extracted
one movie from the array of movies.
We named it movie.
We are calling every movie a movie.
Now in the movie card component
we have passed
a prop named movie.
We said
we want the details of every movie here.
So, we
named it movie and said
we want the details of every movie.
So, we said okay,
we are asking for the details
and we will
set the variable of
the movie here.
So, this data
now will pass in the movie card.
So, we will save it first.
Now we will go to the movie card.
After going to the movie card
now what we do is
we render each data.
So, in this
we will see
the movie.er data.
The data
The second data is that of the image, the poster data of a movie.
We will put an image tag for that.
What will we write in the source?
In the source, we will write movie dot.
Why are we writing movie dot?
Because movie is an object.
It has a data named year.
It has a data named poster in which the movie's photo is.
Now we will put a condition in this too.
We will say that if movie poster, who knows, some movie posters are not there.
There is a very old movie.
We did not get its image.
So we will put a condition here too.
If the poster of the movie has the value of n a.
n slash a.
This means if the movie poster is not there.
So what do you have to show here?
So you have to show here.
You have to show a placeholder.
What do you have to show in movie dot poster?
You have to show something in movie dot poster.
This is our link.
https sorry via dot placeholder dot com slash 404.
So this will show us a photo of a placeholder.
If we do not get the photo of the movie.
Sorry 400.
400 means 400 by 400.
We will show a placeholder.
Then we will put an alt.
And the name of the alt will be movie dot title.
We are getting all this data from the object.
That was the object of our API.
Okay.
So you must have understood this condition.
You must have understood the condition here.
After this.
The third thing we need.
What do we need?
We need the type of our movie.
So what is the type of the movie?
So here we have div.
And in this we will render the type of the movie.
In this we will use expand tag.
In this we will put movie dot type.
And we will close this.
Then after this we will put the third thing.
That will be one.
Head tag.
In which we will show the title of the movie.
The title of the movie.
So these things we have to show in our movie card.
We will show the year of the movie.
The image of the movie.
The type of the movie.
And the title of the movie.
So after this we have to do one more thing.
We will go to app dot js.
And finally we have to set the data of the movie.
What was happening till now?
That the data coming from the API.
What was happening directly?
It was being printed on the web page.
Or sorry in the console.
Directly it was being printed on the console.
So now we have to set the data which is being printed.
We have to set it in the set movies state.
So for that what we will do?
We will go here.
And here we will do set movies.
And in this we will set the data.
Ok.
But before this one more thing.
We will not be able to see the data of the movie.
Why we will not be able to see?
Let us go to chrome and see.
We will come to our chrome.
And here you will see one thing.
Here I will open the inspect element.
And here I will go to the console.
For now there are many errors here.
So I will remove it.
Ok.
After this here I will search any movie.
For example I will search something else.
Here I will search Spiderman.
And here I will search it.
As soon as I search here.
See the array came.
Now when you click on it.
When you click on it.
Then you will see.
That in this array.
In this search array.
In this object.
There are many things in it.
There is response.
There is total result.
But we don't care about response and total result.
We need this search array in this search.
So we need this particular thing.
And then we need all the things in it.
So we don't care about response and length.
So what we have to do?
We have to come back to our code.
And after coming back to the code.
We just need that search array.
So here we will search data dot.
So that we get only that meaning.
Which we need.
Ok.
So you were able to see till now.
That the data which is showing here.
That was not happening.
Let me show you here.
So you were able to see.
That data was not showing here.
That's why it was not happening.
Because we were fetching all the objects.
And our code was confused.
So because of this it was not happening.
But now see.
Now I will search it again.
And as soon as I search.
All the movies have come down.
See this.
So all these movies have come down.
So finally you have understood here.
How to call API.
How to search.
And how to show it.
You understood components.
You understood props.
You understood map function.
So all these things which are coming here.
All the styles in it.
All these.
All these styles which we have put in CSS.
See this.
So what we did there.
We put the type of movie there.
So this type is movie only.
Here we put movie.year.
You will remember.
After this this is movie poster.
And this is movie name.
So we have understood this here.
Now after this what we will be making.
That will be a Krausel.
So we are understanding Krausel.
And we will be making.
After this.